#LyX file created by tex2lyx 2.3
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin C:/Users/Chrus/Desktop/Template LaTeX/documentation/
\textclass scrbook
\options bibliography=totoc,listof=totoc,BCOR=5mm,DIV=12
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding iso8859-1
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks 0
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered 0
\pdf_bookmarksopen 0
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks 0
\pdf_pdfborder 0
\pdf_colorlinks 0
\pdf_backref section
\pdf_pdfusetitle 0
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 0
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine biblatex
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\biblio_options backend=biber
\biblatex_bibstyle alphabetic
\biblatex_citestyle alphabetic
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Appendix A: Frequently asked questions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "chap_faq"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Question:
\series default
 Where can I print and bind my thesis? How long does it usually take?
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 Answer: Printing and binding can be arranged by the printing office in Building 36 at THL and the procedure usually takes 1 or 2 days. Some copy shops in the city center (https://maps.google.com/maps?q=copy+shop+luebeck) can provide faster service (within several hours). However, be sure to ask them beforehand in case of unexpected situations or to ask for the opening hours. 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent

\series bold
Question:
\series default
 Is it possible for the advisors to recognize if text has been copied from the Internet? 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 Answer: There is special software available for the advisors to check this. 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent

\series bold
Question:
\series default
 How to organize the literature for the thesis? 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 Answer: Use a BibTeX file and insert information on sources there. Once a cite is made in the main text and a recompilation is done (including a BibTeX compilation) a new entry is added to the bibliography. 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\noindent

\series bold
Question:
\series default
 How can I update the references for figures and tables after doing changes? 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

 Answer: A double recompilation is necessary. 
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\begin_inset ERT
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\backslash
endinput
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open
\begin_layout Plain Layout

\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "./bib/thesis"

\end_inset

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
